Huh?
Chao?
Our scanners picked up
two objects approaching.
Dead ahead and closing fast!
I see 'em!
[Beeping]
SONIC: Metarex!
It looks like they just
stole that Planet Egg.
We can't let those
two Metarex get away.
We're gonna fight 'em
to save that Planet Egg!
Roger!
[All gasp]
Fire the laser cannons!
It bounced right off!
It's trying to pull our wings off!
We have to do something
before it's too late!
We'll stop it. Load the
Sonic Power Cannon!
We're loading it now.
Sonic, enter the Power Cannon
and get ready for launch.
[Grunt]
Ready!
Sonic Power Cannon, fire!
Oof!
Oh!
[Groan]
[Growling]
Looks like we knocked
out the Metarex.
The big one's out of commission,
and the Planet Egg's going
back where it belongs.
Thanks to Sonic!
Yeah, he was incredible!
He's a real knockout!
Wait a second...
Why isn't he coming
back to the ship?
Oh!
Huh?
Hm.
What's wrong?
The cannon that launched Sonic
out of the ship worked great.
[Laughing nervously]
Unfortunately, we
launched him too hard,
and he couldn't get out of his spin
in time to get back to the ship.
Looks like he's headed
straight for the planet.
It's too bad he's not
packin' a parachute.
AMY: Sonic!!!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-whoa!
Oof!
[Groan] Man, what a trip.
I wonder where I-
Huh?
Ohhh...
It's Eggman!
Huh? Oh!
He found a Chaos Emerald.
You don't mind if I borrow this
while you're resting, do ya?
[Chuckling] See ya!
Blue Spruce is
definitely out of it.
He was supposed to protect
me and the Planet Egg.
What am I going to do now?
I'm not built for battle!
What if that ship comes after me?
If I don't think of something fast,
I'm gonna end up a Meta-wreck!
Huh?
They did follow me here!
They're coming for the Planet Egg!
[Monkey noises]
What should I do?
I don't want to fight, but I
can't let them put the Egg back!
[Monkey noises]
Wait a second...
Maybe there's a way for me
to fight, without fighting!
[Evil monkey laughter]
Move over! I'm going with you!
Stay here, Amy.
It's not safe.
That smaller Metarex might
be out there somewhere.
But I have to find Sonic!
Don't worry, Amy. Knuckles and I
will find him and bring him back.
Chris needs help fixing the ship.
Who knows? Maybe Sonic
will show up here!
Tails is trying to tell you that we
don't want you getting in our way!
Ah!
In your way?!
Come on, Tails. Let's get going.
Okay...
Do not take off!
You'll regret this!
This is going to be fun.
[Giggling]
I love to explore new
places, don't you, Cheese?
Chao.
The trees are sad.
It seems the Planet Egg
hasn't been restored yet.
I can't leave here until
I make sure it is.
You mean you're going to go
look for the Planet Egg, Cosmo?
Yes.
[Angry huffing]
Huh?
Amy?
Where are you going?
Where do you think? I'm
gonna go find Sonic!
But didn't Tails and Knuckles take
the X Tornado to look for him?
I'm not gonna rely on anybody
else to find Sonic.
I have to go rescue him myself!
I won't rest 'til I get him back!
Wait!
Amy is right.
I cannot rely on
anyone else, either.
I won't rest until I hold
the Planet Egg in my hand.
Hm.
But-
Oh? Oh? Hm?
Hey, wait for us, Cosmo!
Chao!
Amy? Could you hand me
a micro-circuit, please?
Huh? Amy? Cosmo?
Where'd they go?
[Grunt]
I can't believe they left the
ship without even telling me!
It's Chris calling.
Amy, do you read me?
They forgot to bring their
com links with them!
This is the Blue Typhoon
calling the X Tornado.
Come in.
X Tornado here.
What's up, Chris?
Amy's gone. So are Cream
and Cheese. Cosmo, too.
Ah!
Grr. Where'd they go? Sightseeing?
You'd better keep your eyes out for
them while you're looking for Sonic.
Huh.
Huh?
The Chaos Emerald's
reacting to something!
Yeah! That means there must be
another Chaos Emerald nearby.
Let's find it!
Hang on, I'm gonna make a turn.
Talk to you later, Chris.
Right now, we're going
Emerald-hunting!
Hm?
See ya later!
Hey, Tails, are ya there?
Come in!
Great. Sometimes it feels
like I'm talkin' to myself.
Sonic! Where are you?
Ah.
Whoa!
Cosmo!
Are you okay?
Chao!
Chaao!
Hm.
I'm fine.
Maybe you should go back, Cosmo.
Leave the searching to me.
Someone as refined as you
doesn't belong out in the wild.
I'm not turning back.
Let's keep going.
Chao.
If that's what you want...
I'm tired of running
away from danger.
[Panting]
Ah!
Uh.
[Scared cries]
I'm not going to stand by while the
Metarex destroy another planet.
It's the Planet Egg.
That was easy.
There's something
strange about this.
What do you mean, Cream?
How did the Planet Egg land right
in the middle of this clearing?
That is kinda weird.
Almost like somebody
wanted us to find it.
Well, I'm taking it.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Maybe you're right, Amy.
But we have to put it
back where it belongs,
or this planet is finished.
Hm.
[All gasp]
[All screaming]
Hey, let us go!
[Monkey noises]
Now who's the monkey in the middle?
[Monkey-ish laughter]
You again.
Sorry to leave you hanging,
but I have to leave.
I'm heading off to
steal your ship now,
so I can escape with
the Planet Egg.
You fell right into my trap!
I bet you didn't suspect
I'd be this cagey!
Ooh hoo hoo!
I can't take all
the credit, though.
My scheme wouldn't have worked
if you weren't so gullible.
Aughhh!
Ah! Don't blow your cool.
We'll find a way out.
[Chuckling]
Bye-bye! I'll say "hello"
to your friends for you.
If they're as dim-witted as you,
I should be doing a
victory dance in no time!
[Monkey laughter]
I don't think so, you
miserable monkey!
Sonic's gonna go ape when
he hears you caught me!
Don't go ballistic!
It's all my fault.
I never should've fallen
for the Planet Egg trap.
Now we've lost the
Planet Egg, and Sonic.
[Amy grunting with effort]
Huh?
[Continued grunting]
Don't worry, Cosmo.
Okay. Thanks, Amy.
We have to find
Sonic and warn him,
before that Metarex traps him, too.
Shouldn't we go back
to the ship, Amy?
We could call Tails
and Knuckles for help.
No way!
I set out to rescue
Sonic all by myself,
and that's what we're all gonna do!
I promise to be more
careful from now on.
We'll never save any planets,
if I don't stop getting us
into trouble all the time.
This scene sure looks familiar.
Huh?
Looks like another Metarex trap.
Chao chao!
Well, we're not gonna let
it trick us a second time,
are we?
Would it try the same trap twice?
Well, there's only
one way to find out.
No! Cosmo, don't!
Stay back!
And if it's a trap,
it will only catch me.
Ah!
Huh?
[Laughter]
That makes two for two.
Huh?
Didn't I catch you already?
How did you escape from your cage?
Get lost! That's our business!
You fell for the same trap, twice?
Wow. You're bigger saps
than the trees around here.
Hmph!!
Huh?
You know what to do, Cheese!
Chao chao!
Go get him!
Chaaaaooo!
Oof!
Ugh!
Come on!
[Panting]
Maybe we should go
back to the ship, Amy.
No, Cream. That Metarex
is still on the loose.
I have to find Sonic and warn him.
You all must be angry with me after
the trouble I caused you today.
I'm so focused on
saving the galaxy,
I can get reckless sometimes.
You got the Planet Egg.
I really admire how
you never gave up.
You do?
I know just how you feel, Cosmo,
'cause when I think
Sonic's in danger.
I won't give up 'til
I know he's safe.
That's why I won't
stop 'til I find him.
All right, Amy. Then we
won't give up either.
Chao!
And I'm with you too, Amy.
And after we find Sonic,
we can work together to
make sure the Planet Egg
gets back where it belongs.
That's great.
Aah!
ALL: Cosmo!
[Laughing]
That was too easy!
Not so fast!
[Gasps]
They've got me surrounded!
[Grunting with effort]
Huh! Huh! Huh!
I can't see!
Haaaaaaaaaaa!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh... Ooh.... Ooh.
[Panting]
Hold it right there!
This way!
Argh!
[Panting] ALL: Aah!
Yeah! I did it!
I'm on a roll!
Uh!
Huh?
Give it all you've got, girls!
Roger!
Haaaaaaaa...!
Huh?
...aaaaaaaaaa!
Aaah!
All right!
When we all work together,
we're unstoppable!
[Giggling] Yeah!
Ah!
Huh!
Sonic!
Hi, Tails!
Look! Got a little present for ya!
He's got another Emerald!
Stay there!
We're comin' down to pick ya up!
Ah!
Uh!
[Both grunt]
[Evil chuckle]
Eggman!
I'm taking that
Emerald back, Sonic.
I found it first,
so it belongs to me.
But if I wasn't for the Metarex,
I'd still have 'em all!
Argh.
According to my rules, it's
stealers, keepers, Sonic.
Retrieval operation complete!
The Emerald is secure!
Time to power up!
Grr!
MONKEY METAREX: I'm not
monkeying around, this time!
[Panting]
Ooh!
Ah!
Huh!
Oof!
Huh?
Whoa!
Oof!
What the-?
Ow!
Huh.
Ah! Sonic!
[Shout]
Oh, no!
Now they're all gonna
gang up against me!
Whoa!
Sonic! I've been looking
all over for you!
Whoa! This isn't a kissing booth!
Look, everybody.
We found the Planet Egg!
Isn't that fantastic?
Take it easy.
I'm not a trampoline!
Nobody goes hopping on my
head and gets away with it!
Activating attack mode!
CHEESE: Chao chao chao chao!
OTHERS: Aah!
[All struggling]
Let me go!
I'm battling against the
hedgehog and his friends, too!
No way.
I don't work with anyone who
looks like he belongs in a zoo.
[All gasp]
Whoa!
What's going on?
The energy from the Planet Egg is
making the vegetation grow faster!
It's growing like crazy!
These vines sure as
clingy, aren't they?
Aaah!
Let me go!
[Everyone screaming]
[Beeping] Huh?
This is the Blue Typhoon, over.
[Everyone screaming]
Hold on! Calm down, and
try to talk one at a time.
Bocoe! Start pruning
these plants, now! Uh!
They are growing too fast, Doctor!
Cosmo! What's wrong?
I can't control the
Planet Egg. I'm sorry!
Hang on, guys!
Huh? It's Chris!
Almost!
[Struggling]
Ah...! Got it!
Catch, Sonic!
Nice work, Tails!
Sonic! Heads up!
[All grimacing]
[Chuckling]
Whoaaaaa!
Ha!
Huh!
[All struggling]
Sorry to leave ya hangin'.
[Gasp]
ALL: Oh!
[Pulsing]
Ah!
Huh.
No wonder I don't like gardening.
What a botanical nightmare.
Get lost, pal.
- [All grimacing]
I couldn't stop myself
from tricking you.
I was programmed for
monkey business.
I'm really sorry.
I learned my lesson.
Hmm...
Wow, what a beautiful Emerald!
Huh!
Huh?
I'm not that slow, buddy.
Ah.
Ah!
This mission...
is drivin' me bananas!
Ah!
Only five more to go!
I'm sure we'll get them all back.
Huh?
You think so, Cosmo?
You bet!
Today I learned that
if we work together,
anything is possible.
Chao chao!